I am definitely completely against the war,
but the Americans decided to touch
their bombs
America and the Cold War,
who is
Russia and
and
many no longer settle in the park and many are not
sitting in Sparta again or an athlete from
which city the
south of Russia Khmelnitsky is in the middle
between the bodies of a lion so not yet Western
Ukraine  but it’s no longer central
krasnodar, it’s not neighbors,
but
so how do you feel about the war in ukraine, how do you feel about the war in ukraine, how
do
you feel about it in ukraine
absolutely definitely completely but
no one is to
blame  bombs [ __ ] at the borders
turned out
you against 2 consider that it is right
to do it let's kill the troops here you know
what kind
of visa we had
[music]
specifically
our houses you will not put
said
decided to send troops when they
violated Minsk and Minsk
there, that is, it turns out, look at us
ukraine we have no american base
in the first place and
should not have opened an american base
talks
estonia latvia lithuania they are close to moscow
they are already in nato
[music]
it was
right putin
putin did the right thing there was no choice
you support it means
america
from our border
here we live in ukraine then he rocked us the American
biolaboratory skete
then we have  bombs american
fett
ukraine says that the gentleman there is
14000 people firstly in a priori
ukraine i don’t know how many there and on
employees to calculate
what it is firstly secondly
inferior to america ferreiro of course we won’t let the
guys in
and the further I
just don’t understand why the
city lives there  ordinary people grandparents are
bombing a day my friend died from
shelling
that
shoots
Ukrainian tanks
tanks
[music]
how many people have already died
for the sake of something, that is, it turns out you
say and like because
some bombs were not put here  Americans
so you bomb it turns out ordinary children
in Kharkov in Mariupol in the cinema about
I expected when it would be  until when this
argument will be,
I understand correctly due to the fact that
someone there bombed children in the Donbass now they are
bombing children in Kharkov while there
was an order from Putin that
no one will ever touch civilians,
even if this happens, I don’t know that
no one  wants no one is going to
ukraine
Donetsk
america didn’t go there in the
mines who decides it’s worth it and don’t look in the
container you for example you went
to a disco you some kid is on fire
there you start dancing these teeth by you
dance consume all types of poking you
out of that is
well, why look you are a man you are a
man and you can do whatever you want
so yourself here we are a country we do for ourselves
what we want we attack
that's what will happen that's what Russia wants to
achieve she wants to have
looked now they brought in troops and there they crumble
crumble crumble here  there, for another month, they themselves
will take them out so that the car will
live as if it’s true or do something that
is, look, that is, look,
he will die a bunch of Russian guys so sol  dates
and
yes, and a little bit of ours is alive and anyway
and anyway we will do what we are,
at least what is the focus
or that you will put that tanks there
where half of Ukraine, see how
many how many kilometers from the Russian
border, the city of sumy is
not about 20  20 kilometers twenty
kilometers and for a month of fighting,
Kharkov has not yet been taken 20 kilometers from the
Russian border, it is still impossible, that
is, you have achieved nothing for a month, but
how are you going to win, you will
bomb or something, well, how are you,
though  how do you want to win
because you will run out of steam and have to
climb in and out of Afghanistan you
once the Soviet Union
was the Soviet Union even more than
Afghanistan and so the
Soviet Union became and then came out
shamefully the
president and vice president is
normal
I just
happen
Ukrainians write Russians die  we’ll cut down
your interior for children, I
’m
doing that, if,
for example,
they were looking for
support from the
Russian people
[music
] what’s the point?
at least
once the
hell she fell on russia russia
always attacked ukraine
russia russia and
oooh many are no longer sleeping and many
are sitting in sparta again or apartments
and what does our president have to do with where he
betrayed us we lived like that before our hut
look, you have it for
you Skobeeva and socket idiots so they
[ __ ] in your head like telling fairy tales
from where everything is and so you know everything there
bombillita
where
[music]
where did you get this colleagues results on
about banders everyone is in shock
yes
well and the Soviet flag  look without looking at the
Soviet flag is correct and because the
Soviet Union occupied Ukraine were
the occupiers
here you live in an
information vacuum for revenue, this is such garbage for you
and you know if you
live there in Krasnodar,
well, what you
could Krasnodar, that is, is  Putin is there,
he’s [ __ ] yachts, there’s Sechin, there’s a
fur coat store, they’re at you, at that
soldier who
dies in Ukraine, Russians, they
put knives crap in general, her, they’re just
your lives like that  and with your money he arranges a personal so-so, here is America where the children of all of them where the bear’s child lives on the son of the bears and where we also lived shoot in Kyiv in kiwi yes these vidos are always gram style it’s all garbage for osmo local opinions about a friend we lose you really believe he’s a drug addict there bretta yes I see you are so zombified czech republic I don’t know where he came from you taking you here to me a man you tell a whale living in Ukraine such tales that you saw somewhere from Krasnodar on telegram channels, we see it all here Zelensky, for example, look at the strings in the dealership when you look at the secular one, he came to the city so I saw this at a distance of 3 meters, not so before the war they have so i.e. he is not an addict nothing about them ordinary person new i.e. you lies twisted let's say perception but what is